+++
date = 2018-04-24
title = "April 2018"
+++

We are happy to announce our first Meetup!

Sentry is kind enough to sponsor our drinks as well as the location. So a big thanks to them.

Currently we have three confirmed talks for this meetup.

Error Handling in Rust by Armin Ronacher

The talk covers different strategies for error handling and what current patterns emerged. It covers good concepts for panic handling and how to best design APIs for good error handling stories.

You can follow him on twitter @mitsuhiko

Webassembly & Rust by Marc Ryan Riginding

The talk will give a short introduction to webassembly and why rust is the perfect fit for webassembly. We will take look at the crates in the rust ecosystem to figure out how well developed the rust & wasm story is. We learn what the Webassembly WG is working on.

He's a web-developer who's been dabbling on and off in rust for the last two years. You can follow him on twitter @mrcryn

CANCELED Rust for games - A song of safety and performance by Lukas Vogl

Can Rust be used as a language for developing performance critical software such as a game engine? How does it compare to C++? This talk is going to introduce Spark, a in-development game engine in Rust developed in Vienna. Primarily it shall serve as a proof-of-concept and research solution of Rust's viability compared to C++.

He's currently finishing his master in game engineering and simulation. Since years he's interested in low-level programming, engine development and graphics programming, mainly in C and C++. When he heard about Rust he wanted to see if it could be used in the sector of game engineering and if its safety rules could prevent some pitfalls commonly occurring with C++.

you can follow him on twitter @GrailFox and on github ParzivalSec

Hopefully there are more to come.
