+++
date = 2019-02-26
title = "February 2019"
+++

Dear cRustecians,

I hope all of you had a great start into the new gregorian-calendar-year and a nice winter solstice or as some people might call it ... christmas which with passing the 7th should include everyone.

We will however start our new year based on the chinese calender which means will start in February. Which is more due to the fact that I am not in the country at that date, but lets follow austrian tradition and blame others for our mistakes in this case the zhou-dynasty and those nasty farmers ~2600 years ago as well as the Pope ~ 300 years ago ... standards and localization a timeless problem ;)

* https://xkcd.com/927/

My weird humor aside. Please mark the 26th of February in your calendars we will be back with the vigor of the year of the pig; Yeah that's right!

Currently I would give a talk about currying in rust with some insights into macros / generics / lifetimes.

Besides this maybe someone more qualified wants to talk about something amazing/not so amazing she/he/ did?

We are always open for any level of talk, never forget statistics if you didn't know something most likely someone else doesn't know it as well. So even things that appear trivial to you can be mind-blowing to others.

TL;DR;

Next Meetup: 26. 2. 2019
Location: Metalab
Password: cRucRu cRucRu

best Jakob

Addendum aka. The Talks:

Rust's Future in 2019

Modern programs have to cope with concurrency, especially with networking. Since modern technology cannot cope with a single thread per network access in general, single threaded asynchronous operation pattern was invented, called asynchronous programming. Rust included this pattern relatively late using an external crate called Future that still lets heads explode with its complexity. So, efforts are underway to simplify this effort into async/await patterns known from C# and EMCAScript, which you can use in nightly today. This talk will be an easy introduction to how to use both Futures and async/await, their pitfalls and what you can do with them.

by Andreas Monitzer

Functional experiments in Rust

An experiment of how functional concepts can be applied in rust, different ways of application. How to deal with lifetimes, macro, types in an applied manner. This talk is the result of several hacking sessions with a friend and the resulting problems and/or learned concepts.

by me ... You have been warned ;)
