+++
date=2019-06-25
title="Rustdome"
+++

# Welcome to another edition of rustdome!

Listen on, listen on this is the truth of it. Coding leads to programs and programs lead to concurrency issues. And this was damn near the race condition of us all. Look at us now! Busted up and everyone talking about memory safety.

But we all learned by the memfault of them all, Rusttown learned. Now when people get to coding, it happens here! And it finishes here! Two coders enter, one coder leaves - dramatic pause .... chanting in background - And right now I got two coders! Two coders with a brain full of code.

Ladies and gentlemen, boy and girls, coding time's here ....

## Apoorv Kothari:

I will be presenting Fin (https://github.com/toidiu/fin-public), a non-trivial web application. In process of creating Fin, I have had to think about and solve many common challenges required in a web application, including db migrations, db testing, hardening sql queries, auth, module isolation, error handling and more. I will cover a few of these implementations and learnings acquired along the way.

Apoorv is a software engineer who is interested in building resilient and highly scalable solutions. You can find and reach him via toidiu.com and twitter.com/toidiuCodes

## Andreas Monitzer:

Rust for Web Development

Rust's Web Assembly support has come a long way in recent years. This talk will highlight the current state of the art with js_sys, web_sys, wasm-pack and their integration with webpack. It will demonstrate how you can easily create a full web application without any JavaScript, including asynchronous operations (aka Futures) without any web frameworks.

The second part of the talk will be about using WebGL to render hardware accellerated 2D and 3D graphics from Rust inside the browser. It is not a full introduction to the API, but a brief overview of what it can do.
